FF152 Relnote/ExprFeat: MediaCapabilities.{en|de}codingInfo() webrtc … (#44244)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/firefox/releases/152/index.md

These features are shipping in Firefox 152 but are disabled by default.
To experiment with them, search for the appropriate preference on the `about:config` page and set it to `true`.
You can find more such features on the [Experimental features](/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Firefox/Experimental_features) page.

- **Check if a media encoding/decoding configuration is supported for WebRTC**: `media.mediacapabilities.webrtc.enabled`

>   The `webrtc` type can now be passed as an option for [`MediaCapabilities.decodingInfo()`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/MediaCapabilities/decodingInfo#webrtc) and [`MediaCapabilities.encodingInfo()`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/MediaCapabilities/encodingInfo#webrtc) in order to check if the configuration can be used for WebRTC.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The `webrtc` type can now be passed as an option for [`MediaCapabilities.decodingInfo()`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/MediaCapabilities/decodingInfo#webrtc) and [`MediaCapabilities.encodingInfo()`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/MediaCapabilities/encodingInfo#webrtc) to check if an encoding/decoding configuration can be used for WebRTC.
```

>   This replaces the non-standard [`transmission`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/MediaCapabilities/encodingInfo#transmission) that was previously used as an alias in Firefox.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This replaces the non-standard [`transmission`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/MediaCapabilities/encodingInfo#transmission) type, which was previously used as an alias in Firefox.
```
